Move non testnet docs out of README (#424)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: README_INFRAESTRUCTURE.md

foundryup
```

Install necessary submodules and build all the FFIs for your OS:

```bash
make deps
```

If you want to rebuild the FFIs you can use:

```bash
make build_all_ffi
```

### Booting Devnet with Default configs

Before starting you need to setup an S3 bucket. More data storage will be tested in the future.

You need to fill the data in:

```batcher/aligned-batcher/.env```

And you can use this file as an example on how to fill it:

```batcher/aligned-batcher/.env.example```

After having the env setup, run in different terminals the following commands to boot Aligned locally:

```bash
make anvil_start_with_block_time
```

```bash
make aggregator_start
```

```bash
make operator_register_and_start
```

```bash
make batcher_start
```

If you need to start again the operator, and it's already registered, use:

```bash
make operator_start
```

If you want to start the explorer for the devnet, see how to run it using it's [documentation](#explorer) below.

### Send test proofs to batcher for testing

All these proofs are for testing purposes

Send 8 proofs each second:

```bash
make batcher_send_burst_groth16
```

Send Groth 16 proofs each 2 seconds:

```bash

> make batcher_send_infinite_groth16

Reviewer: This command is not working, I will make an issue to fix it

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/426.

```

Send an individual Groth 16 proof:

```bash

> make batcher_send_groth16_task

Reviewer: This should be `make batcher_send_groth16_bn254_task`

## Explorer

### Minimum Requirements

- [Erlang 26](https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf-erlang)
- [Elixir 1.16.2](https://elixir-ko.github.io/install.html), compiled with OTP 26
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

### DB Setup

To setup the explorer, an installation of the DB is needed.

First you'll need to install docker if you don't have it already. You can follow the instructions [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

The explorer uses a PostgreSQL database. To build and start the DB using docker, just run:

```bash
make build_db
```

This will build the docker image to be used as our database.

After this, both `make run_explorer` and `make run_devnet_explorer` (see [this](#running-for-local-devnet) for more details) will automatically start, setup and connect to the database, which will be available on `localhost:5432` and the data is persisted in a volume.

<details>

<summary>
  (Optional) The steps to manually execute the database are as follows...
</summary>

- Run the database container, opening port `5432`:

```bash
make run_db
```

- Configure the database with ecto running `ecto.create` and `ecto.migrate`:

```bash
make ecto_setup_db
```

> - Start the explorer:
> 
> ```bash
> make run_explorer # or make run_devnet_explorer
> ```

Reviewer 2: I would clarify that after make build_db, doing only make run_explorer is enough to boot up the explorer
```suggestion
- Start the explorer (this will also `run_db` and `ecto_setup_db`):

```bash
make run_explorer # or make run_devnet_explorer
```
```

</details>

<br>

In order to clear the DB, you can run:

```bash
make clean_db
```

If you need to dumb the data from the DB, you can run:

```bash
make dump_db
```

This will create a `dump.$date.sql` SQL script on the `explorer` directory with all the existing data.

Data can be recovered from a `dump.$date.sql` using the following command:

```bash
make recover_db
```

Then you'll be requested to enter the file name of the dump you want to recover already positioned in the `/explorer` directory.

This will update your database with the dumped database data.

### Extra scripts

If you want to fetch past batches that for any reason were not inserted into the DB, you will first need to make sure you have the ELIXIR_HOSTNAME .env variable configured. You can get the hostname of your elixir by running `elixir -e 'IO.puts(:inet.gethostname() |> elem(1))'`

Then you can run:

```bash
make explorer_fetch_old_batches
```

> You can modify which blocks are being fetched by modify the parameters the `explorer_fetch_old_batches.sh` is being recieved

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can modify which blocks are being fetched by modifying the parameters `explorer_fetch_old_batches.sh` receives. You can do this by modifying these parameters in the Makefile.
```
